ah what could be cuter than animals
sleeping ones right the position your
pet sleeps in can't speak volumes about
its attitude towards you and how do some
wild animals sleep well that's a real
art let's take a look but be quiet you
don't want to wake your fluffy friend
one at your feet if your pet sleeps down
near your feet this doesn't mean it's
afraid to come closer and is waiting for
your permission most likely your fur
baby is sleeping there because of a
hopeless situation you toss and turn all
night and your pet is forced to leave
the bed so you don't roll over on him
sleeping at your feet is much safer
especially for cats and small dogs to
full trust if you sleep in the fetal
position with bent legs you might have
noticed your pet snuggling up in that
cozy spot between your knees this
suggests that the animal fully trusts
you and believes that you as the pack
leader are responsible for its
well-being by the way kittens and
puppies sleep similarly with their
mothers 3 the quiet place pets like
their owners can't fall asleep when the
neighbors are being noisy or there's a
thunderstorm outside but cats and dogs
feel worse than you because their
hearing is much more sensitive to escape
from the noise somehow they tuck
themselves right between your legs when
you sleep on your back thus your pet has
found a warm soundproof circle for the
jealous pose if you share a bed with a
partner your pet can squeeze in between
you two this is the warmest and safest
place for them cuddled in between their
two most favorite humans in the world
but watch out a pet will also do this if
they want to separate you from your
partner also known as they're jealous
that you love someone as much as them
five the softest place it happens that
pets especially cats will arrogantly
drive you right off your own pillow and
all because the bed may not seem soft
and comfortable enough for them even if
you buy your pets a special soft pillow
they still may tend to sleep on yours
because they want it and they know
you'll give it to them yeah six the best
protection some dogs like to sleep under
the covers - just like their human the
slight pressure on our bodies from the
blankets soothes the nervous system much
like a hug we feel more protected when
we sleep under the covers well pets feel
the same way and they love being covered
7 pure love the most pleasant and
clearest way to show they love you is
when your pet crawls across your body up
to your face as you're sleeping it shows
its affection and complete dependence on
you they want to feel the beat of your
heart and hear your breath eight hugs if
you sleep in and embrace with your pet
you probably notice that it always faces
you again this is your pets way of
hearing your heartbeat they'll be able
to sleep more soundly knowing everything
is okay with you 9 always ready with
this sleeping pose your pet is stretched
next to you at full height dogs like to
sleep in this position very rarely cats
the animals are located as close as
possible to your hand so that you can
easily pet them that and dogs can easily
jump to their feet from this position
and protect their owner or carry out
demands at a moment's notice
10 the bed hog if you find yourself on
the edge of the bed in the morning and
your pet stretched out across the entire
mattress aha
then it squeezed you to the very edge
quietly and slowly during your sleep
such pets are very spoiled and want to
conquer all the sleep territory they do
this because they're not afraid of
punishment they know who's boss hey what
about your furry companion
is it like to sleep with you let me know
down in the comments and in case you
have a more exotic vet
like a chimpanzee or dolphin maybe you
didn't know that dolphins don't really
sleep in the traditional sense half of
their brain rests while the other half
stays alert to monitor the situation
around
besides dolphins don't have gills
because they're mammals not fish and
they can't stay underwater for a real
long time so the alert side of their
brain makes sure they come up for air
when need be many animals such as zebras
or giraffes sleep while standing because
they must be ready to flee from
predators at any moment there are
special muscle locks in their knees that
fix the legs into a standing position
yet still allow the rest of the body to
relax but eventually a giraffe will have
to sleep on the ground for a good rest
and they look pretty funny doing it by
the way flamingos have it even rougher
these birds sleep while standing on one
leg some birds like the albatross can't
sleep while flying the brains have a
similar features dolphins what half
rests the other works this lets them
make long flights without landing some
whales and orcas don't sleep at all for
three to four weeks after birth their
mothers don't sleep either the calves
are weak at this time so their body
activates long wakefulness to avoid
predators pet fish also sleep when night
comes as soon as you turn off the lamp
near the aquarium the fish quickly doze
off this suggests that they also use
circadian rhythms but there are some
fish that live in complete darkness and
circadian rhythms don't act on them
walruses sleep in short intervals in the
water because they need a surface for
air this is inconvenient so they came up
with a smart solution they popped their
heads up out of the water and stick
their tusks into the ice so they don't
sing
apes sleep a lot like humans adult
gorillas and chimpanzees make themselves
a comfortable soft bed by stacking
leaves and grass they also remove any
trash from the area and then curl up in
this nest in a fetal position just like
people smaller primates just freeze in a
comfortable position on a branch and
sleep in short intervals could be like
people to maybe a sleepy student in
class or a tired office worker who
nodded off right at their desk
penguins gather in a large tight circle
and snuggle together especially in cold
weather
meaning they also sleep while standing
this show is a highly developed instinct
for self-preservation sea otters float
on their backs while sleeping but the
coolest thing is that they hold each
other by the paws so that nobody in the
group gets lost or taken away by the
current got to admit it looks pretty
comfy like a natural waterbed another
member of the half my brain sleeps at a
time club are ducks but they sleep in
groups and only the Watchmen snoozes
with one eye open to look out for any
predators all the others can sleep
normally but do the Watchmen change
every night like shift workers it's
still unknown to scientist hmm
well now I need a nap how about you hey
if you learn something new today then
give the video a like and share it with
a friend and here are some other cool
videos I think you'll enjoy just click
to the left or right and remember stay
on the bright side of life